#28 First pass, README edits (#43)
mrjones2014/legendary.nvim: README.md

## Prerequisites

- Neovim nightly (0.7+); specifically, this plugin depends on the following APIs:
  - `vim.keymap.set`
  - `vim.api.nvim_create_augroup`
  - `vim.api.nvim_create_autocmd`

> - (Optional) A ~~good~~ `vim.ui.select()` handler; this ~~is what~~ provides the UI for the finder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Optional) A `vim.ui.select()` handler; this provides the UI for the finder.
```

  vim.lsp.buf.formatting_sync(nil, 1500)
end
```

> <!-- don't like the wording 'don't require the plugin _be_ loaded

Reviewer: how about "do not want to require that the plugin is loaded at the time you define your keymaps"

> <!-- don't like the wording 'don't require the plugin _be_ loaded
>   'be loaded' feels awkward
>   but I can't think of a good replacemet ATM -->
> If you need to call a function from Legendary, but don't require the plugin be loaded at the time
> you define your keymaps (for example, if you're using Packer to lazy-load plugins), you can use the
> `lazy_required_fn` helper:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to call a function from Legendary, but the plugin won't be loaded at the time
you define your keymaps (for example, if you're using Packer to lazy-load plugins), you can use the
`lazy_required_fn` helper:
```
